Update old kumascript URLs to point to yari (#14875)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/contribute/howto/write_an_api_reference/index.md

Now you should be ready to start writing your interface pages. Each interface reference page should observe the following structure:

> 1. **\\{{APIRef}}**: Include the \\{{APIRef}} macro in the first line of each interface page, including the name of the API as an argument, so for example \\{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}. This macro serves to construct a reference menu on the left hand side of the interface page, including properties and methods, and other quicklinks as defined in the [GroupData](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/testing/content/files/jsondata/GroupData.json) macro (ask someone to add your API to an existing GroupData entry, or to create a new one, if it isn't already listed there). The menu will look something like the below screenshot.

Reviewer: This one even move to mdn/content:
```suggestion
1. **\\{{APIRef}}**: Include the \\{{APIRef}} macro in the first line of each interface page, including the name of the API as an argument, so for example \\{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}. This macro serves to construct a reference menu on the left-hand side of the interface page, including properties and methods, and other quick links as defined in the [GroupData](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/files/jsondata/GroupData.json) macro (ask someone to add your API to an existing GroupData entry, or to create a new one, if it isn't already listed there). The menu will look something like the below screenshot.
```

Property pages must have the following sections:

1. **Title**: the title of the page must be **InterfaceName.propertyName**. The interface name must start with a capital letter. Although an interface is implemented in JavaScript on the prototype of objects, we don't include `.prototype.` in the title, like we do in the [JavaScript reference](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference).

> 2. **\\{{APIRef}}**: Include the \\{{APIRef}} macro in the first line of each property page, including the name of the API as an argument, so for example \\{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}. This macro serves to construct a reference menu on the left hand side of the interface page, including properties and methods, and other quicklinks as defined in the [GroupData](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/testing/content/files/jsondata/GroupData.json) macro (ask someone to add your API to an existing GroupData entry, or to create a new one, if it isn't already listed there). The menu will look something like the below screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **\\{{APIRef}}**: Include the \\{{APIRef}} macro in the first line of each property page, including the name of the API as an argument, so for example \\{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}. This macro serves to construct a reference menu on the left-hand side of the interface page, including properties and methods, and other quick links as defined in the [GroupData](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/files/jsondata/GroupData.json) macro (ask someone to add your API to an existing GroupData entry, or to create a new one, if it isn't already listed there). The menu will look something like the below screenshot.
```

Method pages need the following sections:

1. **Title**: the title of the page must be **InterfaceName.method()** (with the two terminal parentheses), but the slug (the end of the page URL) must not include the brackets. Also the interface name must start with a capital. Although an interface is implemented in JavaScript on the prototype of objects, we don't put `.prototype.` in the title, like we do in the [JavaScript reference](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference).

> 2. **\\{{APIRef}}**: Include the \\{{APIRef}} macro in the first line of each method page, including the name of the API as an argument, so for example \\{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}. This macro serves to construct a reference menu on the left hand side of the interface page, including properties and methods, and other quicklinks as defined in the [GroupData](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/testing/content/files/jsondata/GroupData.json) macro (ask someone to add your API to an existing GroupData entry, or to create a new one, if it isn't already listed there). The menu will look something like the below screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **\\{{APIRef}}**: Include the \\{{APIRef}} macro in the first line of each method page, including the name of the API as an argument, so for example \\{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}. This macro serves to construct a reference menu on the left-hand side of the interface page, including properties and methods, and other quick links as defined in the [GroupData](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/files/jsondata/GroupData.json) macro (ask someone to add your API to an existing GroupData entry, or to create a new one, if it isn't already listed there). The menu will look something like the below screenshot.
```
